ECS instance storage:

EBS - Elastic Block Storage, is a network drive ta you can attach your instances while they run.
    1.They are not within the EC2 instance, so they are not deleted is the instance ir removed.
    2.They can be only mounted to one instance at a time
        2.1.Can be detached from one EC2 instance and attached onto another one.
    3.They are bound to a specific availability zone. ( have to be on the same geographic zone)
    4. Can be think as an USB stick
    5.Free tier has 30gb storage.

EBS volume, is a network drive (not physical) so it has limited performance, as it uses online transferring

To create a new EBS ---------------
    Go to the EC2 dashboard
        1. search for the EBS -Elastic Block Storage on the left tab    
        2. create a new EBS and set it to the same AZ (availability zone of your instance)
        3. when created, right click o it, or select it an click on the Actions button    
        4. Select the attach volume and select the instance you desire.


EBS Snapshots------------------------------
    It basically makes a backup of your EBS volume at a point in time
        Is a copy of the EBS volume where it can restore deleted data if needed, or it can be copied to
        a different AZ or region.
    Not necessary to detach volume to do snapshot, but recommended

    Create a snapshot -------------------------
        To create a snapshot, go to the EC2 panel and select the volume on the EBS options on the left column
        Right click on it or select and actions and create snapshot.
        It will process it and it will be saved under the EBS section, Snapshots.
        With that you can copy it to a new AZ. Or create a new volume changing the region.

AMI Amazon Machine Image --------------------------------
    Create a "template" of your EC2 instance with all its components. It then can be easily copied to a new
    AZ or region with all your pre-configurations that were done on the EC2.
    When the AMI is built it automatically creates Snapshots of all the EBS volumes.


EC2 instance Store ----------------------------
    For hight performance hardware disk.
    better I/O performance
    It LOSES their storage if they are stopped or terminated.
    Risk of data loss if hardware data fails.
    backup and replication are your responsibility
    To use it, the instance type need to be changed to an option that supports the ssd storage, to enable EC2 instance Store.

EFS Elastic File System -------------------------
    It can be shared among different EC2 instances, and the instances don't need to be in the same AZ
    Managed NFS (network file System)
    EFS works with Linux EC2 instances in multi-AZ
    HIgh availability, scalable, very expensive (3x gp2), pay per use and not capacity planning

Shared responsibility model for EC2 ---------------------
  AWS will:
    -Infrastructure
    -Replication for data for EBS volumes & EFS drives
    -Replacing faulty hardware
    -Ensure their employees cannot access your data
  
  You will:
    -Setting up backups /  snapshot procedures
    -Setting up data encryption
    -Responsibility of any data on the drives
    -Understanding the risk of using EC2 instance store

    