ECS instance storage:

EBS - Elastic Block Storage, is a network drive ta you can attach your instances while they run.
    1.They are not within the EC2 instance, so they are not deleted is the instance ir removed.
    2.They can be only mounted to one instance at a time
        2.1.Can be detached from one EC2 instance and attached onto another one.
    3.They are boud to a specific availability zone. ( have to be on the samegeographic zone)
    4. Can be thik as an USB stick
    5.Free tier has 30gb storage.

EBS volum, is a network drive (not physical)

To create a new EBS ---------------
    Go to the EC2 dashboard
        1. search for the EBS -Elastic Block Storage on the left tab    
        2. create a new EBS and set it to the same AZ (availability zone of your instance)
        3. when created,righ click o it, or select it an click on the Actions button    
        4. Select the attach volume and select the instance you desire.


EBS Snapshots------------------------------
    It basically makes a backup of your EBS volume at a point in time
        Is a copy of the EBS volume where it can restore deleted data if needed, or it can be copied to
        a diferent AZ or region.
    Not necessary to detach volume to do snapshot, but recommended

    Create a snapshot -------------------------
        To create a snapshot, go to the EC2 panel and select the volume on the EBS options on the left column
        Right click on it or select and actions and create snapshot.
        It will prcess it and it will be saved under the EBS section, Snapshots.
        With that you can copy it to a new AZ. Or create a new volume changing the region.

AMI Amazon Machine Image --------------------------------
    Create a "template" of your EC2 instance with all its components. It then can be easily copied to a new
    AZ or region with all your pre-configurations that were done on the EC2.
    When the AMI is built it automatically creates Snapshots of all the EBS volumes.
